## 462-project
# Read the webpage of the example and summarize the main steps of how their Visual-SLAM is implemented
# The map is initialized first, and then the initial keyframes and map points are stored, which can be used as landmarks for positioning and mapping. This is followed by initializing the place-recognition database and adding the features of the first two keyframes to the database. The camera pose and world point were then optimized to minimize the overall reprojection error. After the previous step, perform a local mapping on each keyframe and attempt to detect and close the loop. Finally, the optimized camera trajectory can be compared with the ground reality to evaluate its accuracy.

# Discuss how would you implement a visual-SLAM application yourself
# Algorithms are first implemented to detect and characterize key features in the image. Then, the developed algorithm is used to match the corresponding features between successive frames and estimate the motion of the camera between frames. Develop data structures and algorithms to build and update environment maps. The 3D position of observed features is measured using information from multiple frames. Implement algorithms to detect loop closures, i.e., areas seen before the camera revisits. It involves comparing the current frame to the keyframes in the map and identifying similarities using feature matching techniques. Then, an algorithm is implemented to position the camera within the map, and the algorithm and data structure are optimized for real-time performance.
